hey guys welcome back this is a lenovo
a7000 and this produces all about the
gaming performance and specification on
this phone so as it is a budget hand
side the specification provided for this
phone-answering are really awesome let's
check them in the CP user application so
as you can see it is running on arm
cortex a53 architecture and is a true
octa-core processor from Mirotic and the
GPU provided Ismaili t760 in the total
ram for this phone is 2gb out of which
available ram is almost 1gb but the one
corner found with this phone is that two
internal storage
it is only 8gb so you can't install high
heavy games it may feel up the storage
server very quickly so let's begin with
the modern comeback file the hundred
benchmark of this phone is close to
almost 4 mm which is on par with the
flagships of 2015 so I really hope it
can play this modern combat side movies
so let's check it out
we take a while to start
so let's begin with the game
so initial impressions I must say the
phone is handling this game really well
without any frame drops
let's go
the phone has started to heat up a
little bit
as you can see there are no frame rocks
this is a really graphic intense again
but there are still no frame drops and
the game is really very playable on this
phone
so as you saw it ran this game
effortlessly so let's just get out of
this so that should all about the video
I would like to say that the camera
portion has started to heat up a little
bit but it is not that uncomfortable it
is still very playable on this phone so
that's it for the video thanks for watch